Doc: Update links to re-homed plugin docs (#6)
elastic/logstash-docs-md: docs/vpr/v3-1-2-plugins-inputs-lumberjack.md

Receive events using the Lumberjack protocol.

> This input can be used to reliably and securely transport events between Logstash instances. To do so, use the [lumberjack output plugin](/lsr/pluginsack.md) in the sending Logstash instance(s).

Author: ```suggestion
This input can be used to reliably and securely transport events between Logstash instances. To do so, use the [lumberjack output plugin](/lsr/plugins-lumberjack.md) in the sending Logstash instance(s).
```

> This input can be used to reliably and securely transport events between Logstash instances. To do so, use the [lumberjack output plugin](/lsr/pluginsack.md) in the sending Logstash instance(s).

Author: ```suggestion
This input can be used to reliably and securely transport events between Logstash instances. To do so, use the [lumberjack output plugin](/lsr/plugins-outputs-lumberjack.md) in the sending Logstash instance(s).
```
